# Implementing our FoV Functions
We will be creating a new file called **fov.go** in our project root. This file will host the code related to initializing and drawing our field of view.

## Code Analysis
```
package main

import (
	"myproject/interfaces"
	"github.com/kettek/goro/fov"
)
```
Here we have our standard package line followed by our imports. We will be generating our FoV from our GameMap so we import our mapping package. Additionally, we will be using the **fov** package from **goro** to provide the data structure and calculation methods.

```
+func InitializeFoV(gameMap interfaces.GameMap) fov.Map {
+	fovMap := fov.NewMap(gameMap.Width(), gameMap.Height(), fov.AlgorithmBBQ)
```
Here is our function for initializing a new FoV from our GameMap interface. We are using a particular algorithm nicknamed BBQ that will be used for generating our field of view.

```
+	for x := 0; x < gameMap.Width(); x++ {
+		for y := 0; y < gameMap.Height(); y++ {
+			fovMap.SetBlocksMovement(x, y, gameMap.IsBlocked())
+			fovMap.SetBlocksLight(x, y, gameMap.IsOpaque())
+		}
+	}
```
Here we are iterating through all our GameMap's tiles and setting the equivalent positions of our `fovMap` to block both movement and light based upon the state of the tile in the game map.

```
	return fovMap
}
```
And, of course, we must return our newly generated `fov.Map` instance to our caller.

```
func RecomputeFoV(fovMap fov.Map, centerX, centerY int, radius int, light fov.Light) {
	fovMap.Recompute(centerX, centerY, radius, light)
}
```
This is a small helper function to recompute the FoV. We could call `fovMap.Recompute(...)` directly, but keeping it separate allows us to expand the logic of FoV computation in the future if we feel so inclined.

## Topics Covered
We have simply defined functions for creating and recomputing a `fov.Map` instance.

## What's Next
Now we will move on to our rendering to adjust it so it can render with the field of view.
