# Checking for Blocking Entities
Now we return to **entity/entity.go** so that we can implement our **Flags** type within our **Entity**.

We are also going to add a function for filtering an entity that matches given flags within a slice of entities. We will use this for placing enemies as well as ensuring the player can move within a given tile.

## Code Analysis
```
// Entity is a type for representing an active creature on a Tile.
type Entity struct {
	X, Y  int
	Rune  rune
	Style goro.Style
+	Name  string
+	Flags Flags
}
```
Here we are adding our Name string and Flags type as properties to Entity.

---
```
// NewEntity returns a pointer to a new populated Entity.
-func NewEntity(x int, y int, r rune, style goro.Style, name string) *Entity {
+func NewEntity(x int, y int, r rune, style goro.Style, name string, flags Flags) *Entity {
	return &Entity{
		X:     x,
		Y:     y,
		Rune:  r,
		Style: style,
+		Name:  name,
+		Flags: flags,
	}
}
```
Here we have updated our `NewEntity(...)` function to also handle our new Flags and Name properties.

---
```
+// FindEntityAtLocation finds and returns the first entity at x and y matching the provided flags. If none exists, it returns nil.
+func FindEntityAtLocation(entities []*Entity, x, y int, checkMask Flags, matchFlags Flags) *Entity {
+	for _, e := range entities {
+		if (e.Flags&checkMask) == matchFlags && e.X == x && e.Y == y {
+			return e
+		}
+	}
+	return nil
+}
```
Now we have our entity filtering function. What we are doing here is searching a provided slice of entities for any entity that exists at x and y and also has flags that match the provided mask and flags.

To specify further on how this works, we must think of our flags in terms of binary representation. If we presume our entity's flags to be equal to `BlockMovement`, then the underlying bits would be `00000001`. We then bitwise AND our checkMask, which, if we want BlockMovement, would also be `00000001`, with our entity's flags. This results in `00000001` as well since they are equal. We then compare it against our matchFlags. If our matchFlags is checking if BlockMovement is true, then it will be `00000001`, thereby matching. If we were checking if it was false, then our matchFlags would be `00000000`, which would then not match.

The following illustration may shed some light on the matter:
```
	   00001001 <-- Entity flags with bits 0 and 3 set
	&  00000001 <-- bitmask AND our Checkmask flags
	----------
     00000001 <-- bit 3 has been filtered out, leaving bit 0 still set.
  == 00000001 <-- now compare against our matchFlags
	=  true		  <-- it matches!

```

## Topics Covered
We have now covered the process for filtering the first entity found in an entities list that matches provided flags with a filter bitmask.

## What's Next
We can now move on to randomly generating entities and placing them within our game map.
