# Multiple Rooms & Random Generation!
Now that we have our basic room digging and tunneling system in place, let us enhance our `GameMap` further to create multiple randomized rooms that are all connected!

## Code Analysis
```
// NewGameMap initializes a GameMap's tiles to match the provided width and height and sets up a few tiles to block movement and sight. Returns a GameMap interface.
func NewGameMap(width, height int) interfaces.GameMap {
  . . .
}

-// MakeMap populates our GameMap with rooms.
-func (g *GameMap) MakeMap() {
-	room1 := NewRect(20, 15, 10, 15)
-	room2 := NewRect(35, 15, 10, 15)
-
-	g.CreateRoom(room1)
-	g.CreateRoom(room2)
-	g.CreateHTunnel(25, 40, 23)
-}
+// MakeMap creates a new randomized map. This is built according to the passed arguments.
+func (g *GameMap) MakeMap(maxRooms, roomMinSize, roomMaxSize int, player interfaces.Entity) {
+	var rooms []Rect
+
```
Here we are removing our old `MakeMap()` method and replacing it with a more complex one. As can be determined from the function's parameter names, we will be passing in the following:

  * `maxRooms`, for determining how many potential rooms we wish to create.
  * `roomMinSize`, for the minimum size a room can be.
  * `roomMaxSize`, for the maximum size a room can be.
  * `player`, for centering our player in the first room created.

We are also creating a slice of Rect types here. This will be used during map generating to ensure that intersecting rooms are not allowed. It will store each generated Rect, then check any new ones for intersections with all the old ones.

---
```
+	for r := 0; r < maxRooms; r++ {
+		// Generate a random width and height.
+		width := roomMinSize + goro.Random.Intn(roomMaxSize)
+		height := roomMinSize + goro.Random.Intn(roomMaxSize)
+		// Generate a random position within the map boundaries.
+		x := goro.Random.Intn(g.width - width - 1)
+		y := goro.Random.Intn(g.height - height - 1)
+		// Create a Rect according to our generated sizes.
+		room := NewRect(x, y, width, height)
+
```
Here we begin our `for` loop that will iterate from 0 to `maxRooms`. We create randomized variables (width, height, x, and y) using our passed arguments along with the `goro.Random.Intn(...)` function. This function returns a value ranging from 0 to *n*, with *n* being the first parameter of the function.

In our specific cases, we are generating width and height to be in a range from our minimum room size (minRoomSize) to a randomized value limited to our maximum room size(roomMaxSize).

Our x and y variables are assigned to a random location constrained to be within our map limits minus our random width/height minus 1. This ensures that any generated maps will remain on-screen.

Finally, we create create a new Rect from these generated values.

---
```
+		// Iterate through our existing rooms to check for intersection with our new room.
+		intersects := false
+		for _, otherRoom := range rooms {
+			if room.Intersect(otherRoom) {
+				intersects = true
+				break
+			}
+		}
```
What we are doing here is, as the comment says, iterating through the existing rooms to ensure an intersection does not occur with the new room. We have an `intersects` variable declared outside of the loop which will be set to true if an intersection is found. If not it will remain false.

---
```
+		// Add the room if there is no intersection found.
+		if !intersects {
+			g.CreateRoom(room)
+			roomCenterX, roomCenterY := room.Center()
+
```
Here we add the room if no intersection between this new room and any old ones are found, as represented by our earlier created `intersects` variable.

We also get the center of the room so we can use it for placing the player and tunneling.

---
```
+			// Always place the player in the center of the first room.
+			if len(rooms) == 0 {
+				player.SetX(roomCenterX)
+				player.SetY(roomCenterY)
```
Here we are putting in a check for the very first room. If it is the first room, then we assign the player to be at the center of that room.

---
```
+			} else {
+				prevCenterX, prevCenterY := rooms[len(rooms)-1].Center()
+
+				// Flip a coin if we should tunnel horizontally or vertically first.
+				if goro.Random.Intn(1) == 1 {
+					g.CreateHTunnel(prevCenterX, roomCenterX, prevCenterY)
+					g.CreateVTunnel(prevCenterY, roomCenterY, roomCenterX)
+				} else {
+					g.CreateVTunnel(prevCenterY, roomCenterY, prevCenterX)
+					g.CreateHTunnel(prevCenterX, roomCenterX, roomCenterY)
+				}
+			}
+			// Append our new room to our rooms list.
+			rooms = append(rooms, room)
+		}
+	}
+}
```
And, if the room is not the first room, then we tunnel. In this case, we begin by first getting the center of the previous room. Take note that slices are zero-indexed but are counted as per normal. This means that a slice with 1 element will be accessed by `myslice[0]`. When the len function is used, such as `len(myslice)`, it will return 1, as that is the amount of elements within the slice. In our case, we subtract 1 from our len so that we address the very last room created.

After this, we simply generate a random number between 0 and 1 which will determine if we start tunneling horizontally or vertically first.

Finally, we append our new room to our rooms list. This will allow the above defined intersection test, along with our previous room access, to work.

## Topics Covered
We have covered randomly generating multiple rooms and connecting them via tunnels.

## What's Next
Now we can make one minor adjustment to our **main.go** file to actually have a fully randomized dungeon! :)
