# Using the Entity
We can now return to our **main.go** file and use the `Entity` type.

## Code Analysis
As per usual, we will only be focusing on changes or removals to our base code.

---
```
		// Our initial variables.
-		playerX, playerY := screen.Columns/2, screen.Rows/2
+		player := NewEntity(screen.Columns/2, screen.Rows/2, '@', goro.Style{Foreground: goro.ColorWhite})
```

Here we have replaced our `playerX` and `playerY` variables with a single `player` variable that is an instance of an `Entity` returned from our `NewEntity(...)` helper function. We have additionally introduced an explicit color to use for drawing the player. If you wish to experiment, there are other default colors available to use that are listed [here](https://godoc.org/github.com/kettek/goro#pkg-variables).

---
```
			// Draw screen.
-			screen.DrawRune(playerX, playerY, '@', goro.Style{})
+			screen.DrawRune(player.X, player.Y, player.Rune, player.Style)
			screen.Flush()
-			screen.DrawRune(playerX, playerY, ' ', goro.Style{})
+			screen.DrawRune(player.X, player.Y, ' ', goro.Style{})
```
This is a fairly straight-forward change to use the `player` variable instead of the `playerX` and `playerY` variables. We have also changed our `screen.DrawRune(...)` call to use the `Rune` and `Style` properties of our `player` variable.

---
```
				case ActionMove:
-					playerX += action.X
-					playerY += action.Y
+					player.Move(action.X, action.Y)
```
Of course we must also change our `ActionMove` handling so as to use the new `Entity` system. As can be seen, we are simply replacing our calls to adjust the `playerX` and `playerY` variables with a call to our `player.Move(...)` method.

## Topics Covered
We have covered converting our old player variables with a single player variable that is of the `Entity` type. This abstraction will allow us to also add NPCs that can move around as well (eventually).

## What's Next
Now we must implement some new ways of doing rendering so that we will be able to render multiple entities.
