# Implementing Rendering
We must now create a new file called **render.go**. This will hold functions for drawing and clearing entities and other types from the screen. Put the code to the right in that file.

## Code Analysis

```
package main

import (
	"github.com/kettek/goro"

	"myproject/entity"
)
```
Here we have our standard package and imports. We are also importing our own entity package for use within rendering.

---
```
// DrawAll draws all entities to the screen and flushes it.
func DrawAll(screen *goro.Screen, entities []*entity.Entity) {
	for _, entity := range entities {
		DrawEntity(screen, entity)
	}
	screen.Flush()
}
```
As described by the function comment, the code here draws all the entities to the screen. The first argument to `DrawAll(...)` is a pointer to our screen and the second argument is a slice of Entity pointers. This slice will contain pointers to our player and any NPCs we create.

Within the `for range` loop, we are making calls to a separate `DrawEntity(...)` function. We will be defining this shortly.

Of course we also end with a call to `screen.Flush()` so as to ensure everything is displayed properly.

---
```
// ClearAll clears all entities from the screen.
func ClearAll(screen *goro.Screen, entities []*entity.Entity) {
	for _, entity := range entities {
		ClearEntity(screen, entity)
	}
}
```
`ClearAll(...)` can be considered as the separate half to the `DrawAll(...)` function as it will clear the locations of the passed entities but will not call `Screen.Flush()`. If you recall how our current rendering works, it is **draw -> flush -> clear**. We are setting up to do the same thing here but with multiple entities.

---
```
// DrawEntity draws a given entity to the screen.
func DrawEntity(screen *goro.Screen, e *entity.Entity) {
	screen.DrawRune(e.X, e.Y, e.Rune, e.Style)
}
```
Here we have our `DrawEntity(...)` function that draws a given entity to the screen. It should look familiar as the contents of this function is how we are drawing the player to the screen in the previous lesson.

---
```
// ClearEntity clears a given entity from the screen.
func ClearEntity(screen *goro.Screen, e *entity.Entity) {
	screen.DrawRune(e.X, e.Y, ' ', goro.Style{})
}
```
And here we are clearing the rune at an entity's position. This should also look familiar for the same reason as above.

## Topics Covered
We have created functions for rendering multiple entities to the screen.

## What's Next
Now we can return to our main program and update it so that we have more than just the player rendered to the screen.
