# Mapping: The Tile
So as to ensure a degree of organization is maintained, we must first create a new directory within your project directory titled **mapping**. Within this directory, create a file titled **tile.go** and place the code to the right within it.

## Code Analysis

```
+package mapping
```
Here we are using a different package name than "main". Just as we refer to any goro library by prepending "goro." to it, when referring to a `Tile` we will prepend "mapping.".

---
```
+// Tile represents the state of a given location in a GameMap.
+type Tile struct {
+	Flags uint
+}
```
Here is our Tile type. We have a single unsigned integer value as a property here: **Flags**. We will use this single integer to store multiple boolean values as bitflags. How this works is that the underlying binary data of an integer is composed of multiple bits that can either be on(1) or off(0). By turning particular bits on or off, we can represent multiple boolean values within a single integer. Although we could use regular booleans, we gain the ability to do multiple-matching and filtering through the use of [bitwise operators](https://yourbasic.org/golang/bitwise-operator-cheat-sheet/).

---
```
+// Our Tile's flags.
+const (
+	BlockMovement = 1 << iota
+	BlockSight
+)
```
Here we have defined our default Tile's flags. Note that we are using an [iota](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Iota) to both increment and bitshift the variables defined within the `const` block. What this means is that the first entry, **BlockMovement**, refers to the first bit in an integer, and the second entry of **BlockSight** refers to the second bit in an integer.

## Topics Covered
We have created a new package for holding types and functions corresponding to mapping and we have also defined a very basic Tile type.

## What's Next
Now we can move to creating a `GameMap` type using our Tile type.
