# Mapping: The GameMap
With our Tile type now in place, we can create a new file in our **mapping** directory called **gamemap.go**. This GameMap will hold the map structure and important functions for map generation.

## Code Analysis

```
+package mapping
```
Here we are declaring our GameMap type to exist in our mapping package.

---
```
+// GameMap is our map type for holding our tiles and dimensions.
+type GameMap struct {
+	width, height int
+	tiles         [][]Tile
+}
```
This is our `GameMap` type that contains the map's width, height, and two-dimensional slice of Tile types.

---
```
+// NewGameMap initializes a GameMap's tiles to match the provided width and height and sets up a few tiles to block movement and sight. Returns a GameMap interface.
+func NewGameMap(width, height int) interfaces.GameMap {
+	g := &GameMap{
+		width:  width,
+		height: height,
+	}
+	g.tiles = make([][]Tile, g.width)
+
+	for x := range g.tiles {
+		g.tiles[x] = make([]Tile, g.height)
+	}
```
Here is a helper function that we use to create a GameMap, set up its two-dimensional slice of Tile types, and return it as an interface. We are first using golang's built-in [https://tour.golang.org/moretypes/13](make(...)) function to create a slice of slices of Tiles up to the map's width. After this we iterate over each column of `g.Tiles` and create a slice of Tiles within each up to the map's height.

---
```
+	g.tiles[30][22].Flags = BlockMovement | BlockSight
+	g.tiles[31][22].Flags = BlockMovement | BlockSight
+	g.tiles[32][22].Flags = BlockMovement | BlockSight
+
+	return g
+}
```
Now we are setting three tiles at **30x22**, **31x22**, and **32x22** to both block movement and sight. We are using the bitwise **|** operator to join the **BlockMovement** and **BlockSight** flag constants, providing a merged value containing both of their bits that is assigned to the particular Tile's Flags property. We then return our GameMap interface and close out the function.


---
```
+// Width returns our GameMap's width.
+func (g *GameMap) Width() int {
+  return g.width
+}
+
+// Height returns our GameMap's height.
+func (g *GameMap) Height() int {
+  return g.height
+}
```
`Width()` and `Height()` are getters for the GameMap's **width** and **height** properties. They simply return the value for either property on GameMap when called.

---
```
+// IsBlocked returns if the given coordinates are blocking movement.
+func (g *GameMap) IsBlocked(x, y int) bool {
+  // Always block if outside our GameMap's bounds.
+  if x < 0 || x >= g.width || y < 0 || y >= g.height {
+    return true
+  }
+	return g.tiles[y][x].Flags&BlockMovement != 0
+}
```
`IsBlocked(...)` simply returns a boolean representing whether or not a given tile blocks movement. We are also checking if the requested coordinates are smaller than 0 or larger than our Width and Height, and if so, to return as if blocking. For the return value, we are using the bitwise **&** operator to effectively multiply the Tile's individual bits with BlockMovement's bits. This effectively filters out all bits that are not contained by BlockMovement. If the resulting value is non-zero, then the Tile does have the BlockMovement bit set.

---
```
+// IsOpaque returns if the given coordinates are blocking sight.
+func (g *GameMap) IsOpaque(x, y int) bool {
+	if x < 0 || x >= g.width || y < 0 || y >= g.height {
+		return true
+	}
+	return g.tiles[y][x].Flags&BlockSight != 0
+}
```
`IsOpaque(...)` returns a boolean representing whether or not a given tile blocks sight. This works exactly like `IsBlocked(...)` but using the BlockSight bitflag instead.

## Topics Covered
We have created the `GameMap` type that uses our Tile type and will create few dummy tiles for testing.

## What's Next
Now we will move on to integrating the `GameMap` with our main program.
