# Initializing Going Rogue
Let us begin by creating a new project. To do this, create a new directory titled `myproject` and create a file called `main.go` within it. This file will host your main program code and the contents should match the window to the right.

Additionally, since we are using the **Going Rogue**/**goRo** package, we will have to issue the command `go mod init myproject` within your project directory. This is to allow for the use the what are known as go modules, which **goRo** is.

We will now go through the provided code so we can understand what exactly is going on.

## Code Analysis

```
+package main
```

This first line determines the name of the package our roguelike game will be stored under.

```
+import (
+  "github.com/kettek/goro"
+  "log"
+)
```

These lines define the libraries we will be importing for use. The first is the Going Rogue library and the second is Go's log library.

```
+func main() {
```

This is our main function that will contain the start of our program logic.

```
+	// Initialize goro!
+	if err := goro.InitTCell(); err != nil {
+		log.Fatal(err)
+	}
```

These lines cause Going Rogue to initialize the "TCell" backend and to fatally log an error if it fails. The program will stop running if an error occurs here. 

```
+  // Quit goro!
+  goro.Quit()
+}
```
`goro.Quit` causes the Going Rogue library to clean up and exit.

## Building
We can should now build our project.

If you are on a POSIX system, such as Linux or Mac, issue: `CGO_ENABLED=0 go build -tags disableEbiten`

If you are on a Windows system, issue two following two commands separately: `set CGO_ENABLED=0` then `go build -tags disableEbiten`.

### Topics Covered
What we have covered here is the basic steps for initializing the libraries for your roguelike.

### What's Next
We can now move on to creating our game logic loop.
