# Running our Game Loop
Our next step consists of adding a proper *game initialization* and *game loop* that will be used for additional setup and processing.

We will be skipping past any code that we've already covered. Compare the code to the right to your own code to ensure that you are in sync with the tutorial.

## Code Analysis

```
-  // Quit goro!
-  goro.Quit()
+  goro.Run(func(screen *Screen) {
```
`goro.Run(...)` is our starting point for our game specific logic and loop. This is run as a separate goroutine from the underlying backend and will receive events from the backend.

What we are actually doing here is passing a function with the signature of `func(screen *Screen)` to `goro.Run(...)` which will then run it alongside the backend. The contents of this function is where you will place the starting points for any of your game logic and data.

The `screen` argument is the primary means through which you will interact with rendering and handling user input. It is a special object that contains many methods for adjusting the window, drawing content, and otherwise.

To note, we have also removed the `goro.Quit()` call, as we'll be calling this from within the run function.

---

```
  goro.Run(func(screen *goro.Screen) {
+    // Screen configuration.
+    screen.SetTitle("My Roguelike")
```
`Screen.SetTitle(...)` changes the title of the window hosting the screen.

When using the TCell backend, this will change the title of the terminal. When using the Ebiten backend, this will change the title of the window.

---

```
+    for {
```
Here is the start of our all-important game loop. It is within this for loop that you will call drawing functions, update game state, and handle input.

---

```
+      // Draw screen.
+      screen.DrawString(0, 2, "Press any key to Quit.", goro.Style{})
+      screen.Flush()
```
`Screen.DrawString(...)` draws a string at a location in a given style. The first argument corresponds to the column we wish to start from and the second argument corresponds to the row we wish to start from. The third argument is the string we wish to write and the final argument is the Style we wish to use for drawing. We will address the Style later on.

`Screen.Flush()` causes any pending changes, such as ones caused by a `Draw*` call, to be drawn to our screen. This guarantees that the user sees any changes made to the screen.

---

```
+      // Handle events.
+      switch screen.WaitEvent().(type) {
+      case goro.EventKey:
+        goro.Quit()
+      case goro.EventQuit:
+        return
+      }
```
These lines correspond to handling events that the screen receives. We use what is known as a [type switch](https://tour.golang.org/methods/16) to convert the `Event` interface that `WaitEvent()` returns to its actual concrete type. After doing so, we can then handle each type with a `case` statement. Please note that `WaitEvent()` is what is known as a blocking function, meaning that it will wait until an event is received before continuing program execution.

In this particular instance, we are handling the `goro.EventKey` event and the `goro.EventQuit` event. When a key press is received, we call `goro.Quit()`. This eventually causes our screen to emit the `goro.EventQuit` event, which we then use to exit the for loop with a `return`.

Although we will get into further details later, the event types that `screen.WaitEvent()` can return are:

  * `goro.EventScreen`
  * `goro.EventKey`
  * `goro.EventMouse`
  * `goro.EventQuit`

---
```
+    }
+  })
```
These lines are the close of the for loop, the close of the passed run function, and the closing parenthesis of the `goro.Run(...)` function.

## Topics Covered
With this lesson, we have covered the `goro.Run(...)` function and how to set a screen title, draw strings, and how event handling works.

## What's Next
With these basic concepts in place, we can now move on to rendering our player to the screen.
