# Moving the Player with Actions
With everything in place we can now move our player symbol around. This will simply involve using the `handleKeyEvent` function and adjusting our `playerX` and `playerY` variables in accordance with the returned Actions.

## Code Analysis

```
			// Draw screen.
			screen.DrawRune(playerX, playerY, '@', goro.Style{})
			screen.Flush()
+			screen.DrawRune(playerX, playerY, ' ', goro.Style{})
```
Here we are clearing the rune at our player's position in anticipation for the next call to `screen.Flush()`. If we did not do this, the player's symbol will remain drawn at its old location when `screen.Flush()` is called, causing the screen to have **@** symbols printed in every location the player as been.


```
			// Handle events.
-			switch screen.WaitEvent().(type) {
+			switch event := screen.WaitEvent().(type) {
```
Now that we actually need to handle the `EventKey` type returned by `screen.WaitEvent().(type)`, we declaratively assign it to the `event` variable.

---
```
			case goro.EventKey:
-				goro.Quit()
+				switch action := handleKeyEvent(event).(type) {
```
Here we have simply added another [type switch](https://tour.golang.org/methods/16) for handling the Actions returned by our `handleKeyEvent` function.

---
```
+				case ActionMove:
+					playerX += action.X
+					playerY += action.Y
```
With this, we are handling the `ActionMove` type and adding its X and Y values to our own `playerX` and `playerY` variables. This will move the player! :)

---
```
+				case ActionQuit:
+					goro.Quit()
+				}
```
And, of course, we should properly handle quit requests. In this case the program will quit once the escape key is pressed as we defined earlier.

## Topics Covered
We have covered resolving our Actions and can now freely move the player symbol around the screen!

## What's Next
With this, we are done with this part of the tutorial. The next part will cover defining the Entity interface, the Map and its associated types, and some additional rendering functions.
