# Creating the Monster Actor

## Code Analysis

```
+package entity
+
+import (
+	"fmt"
+	"math"
+
+	"myproject/interfaces"
+
+	"github.com/kettek/goro/fov"
+	"github.com/kettek/goro/pathing"
+)
+
```
Here is our standard package line and import section. We are importing goro's fov and pathing package as we'll be using them for our monster's pathfinding.

---
```
+// MonsterActor is the Actor that controls a monster Entity.
+type MonsterActor struct {
+	owner  interfaces.Entity
+	target interfaces.Entity
+}
+
```
Now we define our MonsterActor struct. It contains two Entity interfaces, one for the associated owner and the other for the target.

---
```
+// Owner gets the actor's owner.
+func (a *MonsterActor) Owner() interfaces.Entity {
+	return a.owner
+}
+
+// SetOwner sets the actor's owner to the given entity.
+func (a *MonsterActor) SetOwner(e interfaces.Entity) {
+	a.owner = e
+}
+
+// Target returns the actor's current target.
+func (a *MonsterActor) Target() interfaces.Entity {
+	return a.target
+}
+
+// SetTarget sets the actor's current target to the provided one.
+func (a *MonsterActor) SetTarget(e interfaces.Entity) {
+	a.target = e
+}
```
Here we are implementing our Target and Owner getters and setters.

---
```
+// TakeTurn is the actor's turn-based logic step.
+func (a *MonsterActor) TakeTurn(fovMap fov.Map, gameMap interfaces.GameMap, entities []interfaces.Entity) {
```
Here we define the signature for our `TakeTurn(...)` method. We are taking an fov.Map interface, a GameMap interface, and a slice of Entity interfaces as its arguments. This is so the Actor can decide its actions based upon the world and what exists within it.

```
+	if fovMap.Visible(a.owner.X(), a.owner.Y()) {
```
Now we check if the actor's owner is visible within the field of view. This is so monsters will only move if the player can see them.

```
+		if a.target != nil && a.owner.DistanceTo(a.target) >= 3 {
+			a.PathfindTo(a.target, gameMap, entities)
```
Here we check if the actor's entity is further than 3 units away from its current target. If the entity is further than this, then the actor calls its `PathfindTo(...)` method to move closer to the entity.

```
+		} else if a.target != nil {
+			fmt.Printf("The %s eyeballs you ferociously.\n", a.owner.Name())
+		}
```
Otherwise, if the target is less than 3 units away, we print a message.

```
+	}
+}
```
And, of course, we close up our visibility block and the function block.

---
```
+// PathfindTo pathfinds the actor's entity to the given target.
+func (a *MonsterActor) PathfindTo(target interfaces.Entity, gameMap interfaces.GameMap, entities []interfaces.Entity) {
```
Here we define the pathfinding method signature. It takes an Entity interface as its desired target, the game map, and a list of all entities.

```
+	path := pathing.NewPathFromFunc(gameMap.Width(), gameMap.Height(), func(x, y int) int {
```
Here we are declaring the `path` variable and assigning it to the returned `pathing.Path` type. The `NewPathFromFunc(...)` call takes in the game map's width and height along with function. In this case we are inlining the function. The passed function receives x and y coordinates and returns the cost associated with the movement. This function is called for each cell analysed for potential pathing.

```
+		if gameMap.IsBlocked(x, y) {
+			return pathing.MaximumCost
+		}
```
Here we run an if check to see if the location is blocked. If it is blocked then we immediately return with the `pathing.MaximumCost` variable. The value of this represents the maximum movement cost which counts as impassable.

```
+		other := FindEntityAtLocation(entities, x, y, BlockMovement, BlockMovement)
+		if other != nil && other != a.owner && other != target {
+			return pathing.MaximumCost
+		}
```
Here we run our `FindEntityAtLocation(...)` method and check if the entity blocks movement. If we find and entity and it is not the actor's owner nor is it the target, then we also return `pathing.MaximumCost`, indicating that it is impassable.

```
+		return 0
```
Otherwise we return `0`, indicating the path has no movement cost.

```
+	}, pathing.AlgorithmAStar)
```
Finally we close our function and provide the `pathing.AlgorithmAStar` variable as the last argument to `NewPathFromFunc(...)`. This tells the pathing library to use the [A* search algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A*_search_algorithm).

```
+	steps := path.Compute(a.owner.X(), a.owner.Y(), target.X(), target.Y())
```
Here we declare the `steps` variable and assign it to the return value of the [path.Compute(...)](https://godoc.org/github.com/kettek/goro/pathing#PathAStar.Compute) method call. This computes the steps involved in pathing from the first x and y arguments to the second x and y arguments. The returned value is a slice of [pathing.Step](https://godoc.org/github.com/kettek/goro/pathing#Step) objects.

```
+	if len(steps) > 0 {
+		a.owner.SetX(steps[0].X())
+		a.owner.SetY(steps[0].Y())
```
If the length of steps is greater than one, indicating there is a path, then we set the actor's owners x and y positions to the first step in the path.

```
+	} else {
+		a.MoveTo(target.X(), target.Y(), gameMap, entities)
+	}
```
Otherwise if there is no path, then we call the actor's `MoveTo(...)` method. This method simply makes the entity move towards the target without any pathfinding. This is important to have so that the entity will still move towards its target even if its path is blocked, such as by a door or other entities.

```
+}
```
And, of course, we must close the `PathfindTo(...)` method.

---
```
+// MoveTo moves the actor's entity towards a given location.
+func (a *MonsterActor) MoveTo(x, y int, gameMap interfaces.GameMap, entities []interfaces.Entity) {
```
Now we define the `MoveTo(...)` fallback method. This simply steps towards an x and y position without doing any pathfinding.

```
+	destX := float64(x - a.owner.X())
+	destY := float64(y - a.owner.Y())
+
+	distance := math.Sqrt(math.Pow(destX, 2) + math.Pow(destY, 2))
```
Here we create the `destX` and `destY` variables that are simply the target positions negated by the actor's entity positions. We then create the `distance` variable and assign it to the square root of the destX and destY squared. This gets the distance between the our position and the desired position.

```
+
+	destX = math.Round(destX / distance)
+	destY = math.Round(destY / distance)
```
Here we get our actual x and y destinations by dividing the dest variables by the distance and rounding the result so it corresponds to a cell.

```
+
+	targetX := a.owner.X() + int(destX)
+	targetY := a.owner.Y() + int(destY)
```
Now we get the absolute position of our target x and y coordinates.

```
+
+	if !gameMap.IsBlocked(targetX, targetY) && FindEntityAtLocation(entities, targetX, targetY, BlockMovement, BlockMovement) == nil {
+		a.owner.Move(int(destX), int(destY))
+	}
```
If the target destination is not blocked by either a game tile or by an entity then we move towards the location.

```
+}
```
And, of course, we close the method.

## Topics Covered
We have created our monster actor and defined logic for moving towards a target entity, whether through pathfinding or simply moving towards it.

## What's Next
With this implemented we will now define factory functions for creating the monster and player Entities and setting up their actor relationships.
